Now we're going to go to C++.
C++ is the language of choice for
embedded systems like the stuff that runs on small processors inside a self-driving car.
Now in the beginning it'll be scary to see a complete different syntax,
a different language almost go from Chinese to Japanese is hard.
But as you get more familiar with a different syntax,
you find that the underlying tools are exactly the same,
whether you do it in Python or in C++,
it's just at C++ runs faster.
So in this unit,
we're going to turn you into a monkey, into a robot, okay?
So you're going to see things written in Python,
and we're going to ask you to translate it to C++ so that
you lose any fear of different syntax and become very,
very fluid in jumping back and forth between two different programming languages.
And I promise you, at the end of the class,
you'll find out they're basically the same, they're just written differently.
But the underlying concepts are equivalent.
And that's a great way to understand programming languages.